# README

## Project description

This is the repo for **DSMRWeb** which stands for **Data Stream Mining for Raspberry**, an end-of-degree project that focuses on Data Stream Mining. This project consists on a Web Application whose aim is to launch experiments (letting the user choose the algorithms and the value of a set of parameters ) on the data generated by three raspberry boards and permit the visualization of the experiments results.  Apart from the Data Stream Mining side, this application also has an interactive map displaying various locations, this locations are sensors and reference the actual Raspberry boards that feed data into our Application's experiments; the user can create, read, update and delete sensors through this interactive map.

 ## Software used

On this section details concerning the software used on different parts of the project will be summarized.

The data generated by the Raspberry boards is synthetic and programmed via  [MoA](https://moa.cms.waikato.ac.nz/), an open source framework for Data Stream Mining.

This Application uses the **Ruby on Rails** framework for the backend, and the JavaScript library **React** for the frontend. In order to integrate React into Ruby on Rails, the [Webpacker](https://github.com/rails/webpacker#installation) gem was needed; this gem grants Ruby on Rails the use of the bundler Webpack, which is responsible for the managing of application-like JavaScript.

The [Axios](https://github.com/axios/axios) library for JavaScript is used to retrieve data from the API on the React components.

Also Bootstrap is being used in the views and modals of this Application.






